dist_checklist.md, before:

- [ ] Update HISTORY.rst
- [ ] Commit the changes: 
```
git add HISTORY.rst
git commit -m "Changelog for upcoming release 0.1.1."
```
- [ ] Update version number (can also be minor or major)
```
bumpversion patch
```
- [ ] Install the package again for local development, but with the new version number:
```
python setup.py develop
```
- [ ] Run the tests:
```
tox
```
- [ ] Release on PyPI by uploading both sdist and wheel:
```
twine upload dist/*
```

- [ ] Test that it pip installs:
```
mktmpenv
pip install my_project
<try out my_project>
deactivate
```

- [ ] Push: `git push`
- [ ] Push tags: `git push --tags`
- [ ] Check the PyPI listing page to make sure that the README, release notes, and roadmap display properly. If not, copy and paste the RestructuredText into http://rst.ninjs.org/ to find out what broke the formatting.
- [ ] Edit the release on GitHub (e.g. https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter/releases). Paste the release notes into the release's release page, and come up with a title for the release.

Commit message:

added note to release checklist

dist_checklist.md, after:

# Release Checklist
This checklist is *very* slightly modified from a [gist](https://gist.github.com/audreyr/5990987) by @audreyr

- [ ] Update HISTORY.rst
- [ ] Commit the changes:
```
git add HISTORY.rst
git commit -m "Changelog for upcoming release 0.1.1."
```
- [ ] Update version number (can also be minor or major)
```
bumpversion patch
```
- [ ] Install the package again for local development, but with the new version number:
```
python setup.py develop
```
- [ ] Run the tests:
```
tox
```
- [ ] Release on PyPI by uploading both sdist and wheel:
```
twine upload dist/*
```

- [ ] Test that it pip installs:
```
mktmpenv
pip install my_project
<try out my_project>
deactivate
```

- [ ] Push: `git push`
- [ ] Push tags: `git push --tags`
- [ ] Check the PyPI listing page to make sure that the README, release notes, and roadmap display properly. If not, copy and paste the RestructuredText into http://rst.ninjs.org/ to find out what broke the formatting.
- [ ] Edit the release on GitHub. Paste the release notes into the release's release page, and come up with a title for the release.
